fixtures/kitchensink/README.md, before:

# Contributing to Create React App's E2E tests

This is an end to end kitchensink test suite, but has multiple usages in it.

## Running the test suite

Tests are automatically run by the CI tools.  
In order to run them locally, without having to manually install and configure everything, the `yarn e2e:docker` CLI command can be used.

This is a simple script that runs a **Docker** container, where the node version, git branch to clone, test suite, and whether to run it with `yarn` or `npm` can be chosen.  
Simply run `yarn e2e:docker -- --help` to get additional info.

## Writing tests

Each time a new feature is added, it is advised to add at least one test covering it.

Features are categorized by their scope:

 - *env*, all those which deal with environment variables (e.g. `NODE_PATH`)
 
 - *syntax*, all those which showcase a single EcmaScript syntax feature that is expected to be transpiled by **Babel**

 - *webpack*, all those which make use of webpack settings, loaders or plugins

### Using it as Unit Tests

In it's most basic for this serve as a collection of unit tests on a single functionality.

Unit tests are written in a `src/features/**/*.test.js` file located in the same folder as the feature they test, and usually consist of a simple `ReactDOM.render` call.

These tests are run by **jest** and the environment is `test`, so that it resembles how a **Create React App** application is tested.

### Using it as Integration Tests

This suite tests how the single features as before behave while development and in production.  
A local HTTP server is started, then every single feature is loaded, one by one, to be tested.

Test are written in `integration/{env|syntax|webpack}.test.js`, depending on their scope.

For every test case added there is just a little chore to do:

 - a `case` statement must be added in `src/App.js`, which simply perform a dynamic `import()` of the feature

 - add a test case in the appropriate integration test file, which calls and awaits `initDOM` with the previous `SwitchCase` string
 
An usual flow for the test itself is something similar to:
 
 - add an `id` attribute in a target HTML tag in the feature itself

 - since `initDOM` returns a `Document` element, the previous `id` attribute is used to target the feature's DOM and `expect` accordingly

These tests are run by **mocha** (why not **jest**? See [this issue](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/2288)) and the environments used are both `development` and `production`.

Commit message:

Local testing docker links (#2662)
* Fix a command style in docs

* Add a link to docker's docs

fixtures/kitchensink/README.md, after:

# Contributing to Create React App's E2E tests

This is an end to end kitchensink test suite, but has multiple usages in it.

## Running the test suite

Tests are automatically run by the CI tools.  
In order to run them locally, without having to manually install and configure everything, the `yarn e2e:docker` CLI command can be used.

This is a simple script that runs a **Docker** container, where the node version, git branch to clone, test suite, and whether to run it with `yarn` or `npm` can be chosen.  
Simply run `yarn e2e:docker -- --help` to get additional info.

If you need guidance installing **Docker**, you should follow their [official docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

## Writing tests

Each time a new feature is added, it is advised to add at least one test covering it.

Features are categorized by their scope:

 - *env*, all those which deal with environment variables (e.g. `NODE_PATH`)
 
 - *syntax*, all those which showcase a single EcmaScript syntax feature that is expected to be transpiled by **Babel**

 - *webpack*, all those which make use of webpack settings, loaders or plugins

### Using it as Unit Tests

In it's most basic for this serve as a collection of unit tests on a single functionality.

Unit tests are written in a `src/features/**/*.test.js` file located in the same folder as the feature they test, and usually consist of a simple `ReactDOM.render` call.

These tests are run by **jest** and the environment is `test`, so that it resembles how a **Create React App** application is tested.

### Using it as Integration Tests

This suite tests how the single features as before behave while development and in production.  
A local HTTP server is started, then every single feature is loaded, one by one, to be tested.

Test are written in `integration/{env|syntax|webpack}.test.js`, depending on their scope.

For every test case added there is just a little chore to do:

 - a `case` statement must be added in `src/App.js`, which simply perform a dynamic `import()` of the feature

 - add a test case in the appropriate integration test file, which calls and awaits `initDOM` with the previous `SwitchCase` string
 
An usual flow for the test itself is something similar to:
 
 - add an `id` attribute in a target HTML tag in the feature itself

 - since `initDOM` returns a `Document` element, the previous `id` attribute is used to target the feature's DOM and `expect` accordingly

These tests are run by **mocha** (why not **jest**? See [this issue](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/2288)) and the environments used are both `development` and `production`.
